Public preview of keep with latest (#5126)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/01-upgrading-to-v1.8.md

dbt Labs plans to release dbt Core v1.8.0-b1 and dbt Labs-maintained adapters on February 28th, 2024.

> ## Keep on the latest version <Lifecycle status='public preview' />

Author: ```suggestion
## Keep on latest version <Lifecycle status='public preview' />
```

> With dbt Cloud, you can get early access to many new features and functionality before it's in the Generally Available (GA) release of dbt Core v1.8 without the need to manage version upgrades. Refer to the [Keep on latest version](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud) setting for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With dbt Cloud, you can get early access to many new features and functionality before they're in the Generally Available (GA) release of dbt Core v1.8 without the need to manage version upgrades. Refer to the [Keep on latest version](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud) setting for more details.
```

:::note Availability  

> Public preview is currently available in dbt Cloud for Databricks and Starburst/Trino connections. Additional support will be coming in late March.

Author: ```suggestion
[Microsoft Fabric support](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connect-microsoft-fabric) will be coming in late March. All other connections are supported.
```
